docs(README.md): move all userstyles instructions to release page (#545)
catppuccin/userstyles: README.md

### All Userstyles

> See the [release page](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/releases/tag/all-userstyles-export).

Reviewer: I feel like this is more consistent with the "instruction" style that we want, what do you think?

```suggestion
Follow instructions in the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/releases/tag/all-userstyles-export).
```

Reviewer: Would they not want to follow the instructions :smile: 
Sure, happy to update it

```suggestion
See instructions on the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/releases/tag/all-userstyles-export).
```
